ts-pre-commit-config: Update the develop guide to reflect reality again. (#58)
lsst-ts/tssw_developer_guide: doc/procedures/pre_commit.rst

    Provide this as a triple quoted string without leading or trailing whitespace apart from a newline character at the end.
    See the other hooks in the registry for examples.
    Note that this needs to be set to None if config_file_name is set to None.
  * rule_type: this can be one of

    * MANDATORY: The rule is mandatory for all TSSW projects.
      Adding such a rule needs to be discussed at TSSW standup first.
    * OPT_IN: The rule is optional and does not get included by default.
      The majority of the hooks will be of the OPT_IN rule type.
    * OPT_OUT: The rule is optional and gets included by default.

>       Adding such a rule needs to be discussed at TSSW standup first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Adding such a type of hook needs to be discussed at TSSW standup first.
```
